= README

Welcome to the Grateful Nest!

This is a work in progress. I wanted to try out angularJS 1.5.6 components with UI Router.
Look at trello card to see what my next features are.

trello: https://trello.com/b/BQB7vX1R

  on the docket: 
    1. make it so you can add more than one list_item to the thankful list
    2. make it so you can see the markdown after the list_item in saved inside textbox
    3. make sure the markdown capabilities are fully functional and provide helper text


moqup: https://gratefullnest.mybalsamiq.com/projects/gratefulnest/grid

Inspiration for this app is a "thankful journal" where you write down 10 things you are thankful for everyday before you go to bed. I would like to provide a "community thankful journal" where you can add your own and look through what others are thankful for. I would like to start this out as an anonymous posting for now, and later on add authentication/authorization, as well as, ability to save your own thankful notes and journal entries privately. I would like to allow for markdown in this on-line journal. I also would like to make sure that it is mobile-responsive.

Inspirations:
- iA writer
- Thankful Journals bought in WorldMarket
- Markdown preview/creator sites
- Post secret

Technologies: 
- Ruby on Rails (4.2.2)
- AngularJS (1.5.6)* with emphasis on components - newer for me
- UI Router (1.0.0) -  new for me 
- redcarpet gem for translate markdown to html
- bypass gem to search text for urls
- Sass
- Bootstrap 
- Font Awesome 


Future improvements:
- authentication
- authorization
- allow users to decorate their posts through background, images, colors
- pull in thankful quotes from an API to jazz up cards
